hi my name is Karen peek Iseman on the
internet director here in in beautiful
Rapid City South Dakota at the key Ford
Lincoln here I'm a key for a bear
cheering up for the first weekend of
blacklist actual rodeo Romeo here at the
Civic Center here in town now if you are
visiting us for the black host actual
rodeo make sure to come by and look at
this gorgeous vehicle this is a 2015
f250 Platinum Edition crew cab with a
6.7 liter v8 diesel engine if you want
to look at it online go ahead and just
type in a stock number f50 - for now
this this is a lariat with a platinum
package
nothing says platinum or an ethics it's
luxury like a platinum so this a little
bit about how this thing's gonna haul it
tote for you it's got 440 horses in here
so it's going to help you get up and go
when you need it
plus it's got that eight hundred and
sixty pound feet of torque so you got
those great big horse trailers just
gonna haul and tow that for you or in
your other performing ranch equipment
now you're gonna need towing now with
this platinum edition you do get the
great platinum badging on the outside
but most of else it looks like you are
on the inside so let's take a look on
the inside here we are on the inside of
the f250 and of course when you when you
hear Platinum Edition the only thing
that's going to come to mind when you
sit in this vehicle is luxury and of
course if you have all the amenities to
make sure that you're comfortable you
got the 10-way power seats for both the
driver and the passenger plus you got
heated and cooled seats and of course
here in the Midwest we need both of
those so and with the platinum you also
get the extra Platinum badging you get
the platinum stitched right into the
driver and passenger seats you also got
some extra safety features as well
you've got the hands-free buttons on
that that sync up with our with the
Microsoft Sync system keeping your eyes
on the road where they need to be plus
you've got the
myford touch which is going to come with
navigation so hopefully you'll get to
your destination safely
right now the MSRP on this f250 is sixty
seven eight ninety five and we have it
marked down so low that it's almost 10
grand off that's a fantastic deal and
you're not gonna find a deal like that
anywhere else I'd love to tell you all
the rest of the amenities that this f250
has to offer but I've got Ford and
Lincoln certified sales specialists that
are dying to tell you all about this
truck
so give them a call today at six oh five
three four eight one four zero zero or
just stop by our showroom at the corner
of Omaha and East Boulevard now if you
want to look at all of our new pre-owned
and certified pre-owned vehicles log on
to our website at wwlp.com thanks for
watching